Hi, guys, in this lesson, we will create the book service in this lesson, we will also continue
to implement model service control structures.
In this previous listen, we describe our book repository in this lesson.
We will call it from service.
And this service class will be our business logic.
Our service class will include basic Karad methods about book like Seiberg, the lead book, find book,
etc..
Let's implement it.
First of all, under the service package, we will create a book service interface.
And under the service package, we will create a book service implementation class.
And this book service implementation class will implement book service interface to define book service
as a service class, we will add service incitation to it.
The mark begins with service addition to indicate that it's all linked to business logic or service
layer.
So book service build business logic operations for the book.
Later we will call Book Repository for dependency injection.
We can use white insipient.
We can use auto wiring on properties setas or constructor's so we can test it to construct it also.
OK, now we can create our methods, our first method will be saved book to save work.
We can call Book Repository that same method.
But here, first of all, let's describe the default properties of the book.
Then we can save the book.
OK, that's all about the same book, our second smattered will be the latest book by Idy.
We can directly call it from Book Repository because G.P.A. Repository has a method like the lead by
idea on default.
Our third method will be find all books they can directly call it from Book Repository because gatepost
already has a method like find all on default.
OK, that's all about work service implementation.
Thank you.